# CAR_ACCIDENTS
CAR_ACCIDENTS
This project is based on analysing different trends of the road accident for the duration between 2006 and 2036. The visualisations cover various comparison such as accidents over years, Road types, Time of the day, Light conditions and speed zones.
Firstly, I created the main KPIs for detail analysis and understanding of the scenario of the road accidents. The KPIs show the number of accidents for different severity situations like Minor injury, Serious and Fatal. The last one is showing the total number of accidents for the selected period.
The first area graph shows the accidents occurred over different years. Similarly, second line graph shows the accident for the road geography, mainly categorized as closed road, intersection and outside road. Upon analysing the data, we came to know that the light condition of the road is one of the major factors for the accidents, which we can see in the bar diagram along with the maximum and minimum numbers. 
The bar diagram is all about the accident numbers over different speed zone and showing that highest number of accidents occurred in the speed zone of 80 km/hr, which shows that speed is another key factor for road accidents. Different year has different number of accidents and severity conditions, and this all data are presented in the label diagram. The dashboard is provided with two different filters; one is for the day of the week either weekdays or weekends and another one is for the range of the year starting from 2006 to 2036.
The Tableau dashboard highlights critical insights into road accident patterns and causes. Addressing these issues through enforcement, infrastructure improvements, awareness campaigns, technology, and better public transportation can significantly reduce accidents and enhance road safety.
